IMDb TitleSearch
Now Playing
Movie/TV News
My Movies
DVD/Video
IMDbTV
Message Boards
Showtimes & Tickets
IMDbPro
IMDb Resume
 Login | Register
Home |
Top Movies |
Photos |
Independent Film |
GameBase |
Browse |
Help
All
Titles
- TV Episodes
My Movies
Names
Companies
Keywords
Characters
Quotes
Bios
Plots
more |
tips
The Bad and the Beautiful•  Characters•  Plots•  Biographies•  Quotesmore »Note: some searches may not yield results
IMDb TitleSearch
A search for "The Bad and the Beautiful" found the following results:
Titles (Exact Matches) (Displaying 2 Results)The Bad and the Beautiful (1952)
The Bad and the Beautiful (1967)
Titles (Partial Matches) (Displaying 2 Results)The Good, the Bad & the Beautiful (1996) (TV)
Bello, il brutto, il cretino, Il (1967) aka "The Beautiful, the Bad, and the Idiotic" - USA (literal English title)
Titles (Approx Matches) (Displaying 16 Results)The Badge and the Beautiful (1974)
The Bald and the Beautiful (2002)
The Beautiful, the Bloody, and the Bare (1964) aka "The Beautiful and the Bloody"
The Band Beautiful (1928) aka "The Ingenues, 'The Band Beautiful'" - USA
Wonder Women (1973) aka "The Deadly and the Beautiful"
"The Bold and the Beautiful" (1987)
Orgueilleux, Les (1953) aka "The Proud and the Beautiful"
Beautiful Dreamer: Brian Wilson and the Story of 'Smile' (2004) (TV)
Faustine et le bel été (1972) aka "Faustine and the Beautiful Summer"
The Beautiful and Damned (1922)
The Magnificent Matador (1955) aka "The Brave and the Beautiful" - UK
Jóvenes y bellas (1962) aka "The Young and Beautiful Ones" - (English title)
Ben Webster: The Brute and the Beautiful (1989)
The Beautiful Blue and Red Danube (1967) (TV)
Zesht va ziba (1965) aka "The Ugly and the Beautiful" - (English title)
The Beautiful Adventure (1917)
Suggestions For Improving Your Results
Your original search was changed to "The Bad and the Beautiful" because this is more
likely to give better matches. If you prefer you may search again with your original query.
Search for "The Bad and the Beautiful (1952)".
There may be additional title matches amongst all the alternative
titles we have for various regions and languages.
AKA Title Search for "The Bad and the Beautiful".
If you are searching for a particular episode of a TV Series,
you should search for the title of the TV series, not the episode.
Or you can use the following link to search all Episode Titles.
Episode Title Search for "The Bad and the Beautiful".
There may be additional matches in special interest areas that are
only available to users choosing to see them.
Enable adult titles/names in the search.
More Searches
Titles
These searches will return up to 1000 matches in each category.
 Search Preferences 
Home | Search | Now Playing | News | My Movies | Games | Boards | Help | US Movie Showtimes | Top 250 | Register | RecommendationsBox Office | Index | Trailers |
Jobs | IMDbPro.com - Free Trial | IMDb Resume
Copyright © 1990-2007 Internet Movie Database Inc.
Terms and Privacy Policy under which this service is provided to you.
An company. 
Advertise on IMDb. 
License our content.
Back to Movie index