Chato's Land (1972)
Now Playing
Movie/TV News
My Movies
DVD/Video
IMDbTV
Message Boards
Showtimes & Tickets
IMDbPro
IMDb Resume
 Login | Register
Home |
Top Movies |
Photos |
Independent Film |
GameBase |
Browse |
Help
All
Titles
- TV Episodes
My Movies
Names
Companies
Keywords
Characters
Quotes
Bios
Plots
more |
tips
SHOP CHATO'S LAND
Amazon.com
Amazon.ca
Amazon.co.uk
Amazon.de
Amazon.fr
DVDVHSCDAll
DVDVHSCDAll
Rent
DVDVHSCDAll
DVDVHSCDAll
DVDVHSCDAll
IMDb >
Chato's Land (1972)
Quicklinks
main detailscombined detailsfull cast and crewcompany creditstv scheduletaglinestrailersuser commentsexternal reviewsuser ratingsrecommendationsmessage boardplot summaryplot keywordsmemorable quotestriviaalternate versionsmovie connectionsmerchandising linksbox office/businessrelease datesfilming locationstechnical specsDVD detailsmiscellaneous
Top Links
-trailers
-full cast and crew
-trivia
-official sites
-memorable quotes
Overview
main details
-combined details
-full cast and crew
-company credits
-tv schedule
Promotional
-taglines
-trailers
-posters
-photo gallery
Awards & Reviews
-user comments
-external reviews
-newsgroup reviews
-awards
-user ratings
-recommendations
-message board
Plot & Quotes
-plot summary
-plot keywords
-Amazon.com summary
-memorable quotes
Fun Stuff
-trivia
-goofs
-soundtrack listing
-crazy credits
-alternate versions
-movie connections
-FAQ
Other Info
-merchandising links
-box office/business
-release dates
-filming locations
-technical specs
-laserdisc details
-DVD details
-literature listings
-news articles
External Links
-showtimes
-official sites
-miscellaneous
-photographs
-sound clips
-video clips
Chato's Land (1972)
advertisement
photos
board
trailer
details
Register or login to rate this title
User Rating:
6.2/10
(572 votes)
more
Director:
Michael Winner
Writer:
Gerald Wilson
Release Date:
30 June 1972 (Denmark)
more
Genre:
Western more
Tagline:
What Chato's land doesn't kill, Chato will.
Plot Summary:
After Pardon Chato, a mestizo, killed a US marshal in self-defense, a posse pursues him, but as the...
more
Plot Keywords:
Canteen
/
Hit In Head With Rock
/
Beans
/
Pipe Smoking
/
Horse
more
User Comments:
A masterpiece !
more
(Cast overview, first billed only)Charles Bronson ... Pardon ChatoJack Palance ... Capt. Quincey WhitmoreRichard Basehart ... Nye BuellJames Whitmore ... Joshua EveretteSimon Oakland ... Jubal HookerRalph Waite ... Elias HookerRichard Jordan ... Earl HookerVictor French ... Martin HallSonia Rangan ... Chato's womanWilliam Watson ... Harvey LansingRoddy McMillan ... Gavin MalechiePaul Young ... Brady LoganRaúl Castro ... Mexican scoutLee Patterson ... George DunnRoland Brandmore
Runtime:
110 min
Country:
USA
Language:
English
Color:
Color (Technicolor)
Aspect Ratio:
1.78 : 1 more
Sound Mix:
Mono
Certification:
Iceland:16/ Australia:M/ Finland:K-16/ Norway:16 (1972) / Sweden:15/ USA:PG/ UK:18 (cut) / West Germany:16
Filming Locations:
Almería, Andalucía, Spain
MOVIEmeter:
1% since last week
why?
Company:
Scimitar Films
more
Trivia:
This is the first film out of six that Charles Bronson and Michael Winner made together.
more
Quotes:
Nye Buell:
After your first cup, Harv, you're blind anyway. And after your second, you're darn glad you're blind!
more
Movie Connections:
Referenced in The Embalmer (1996)
more
This FAQ is empty. Add the first question.
(Comment on this title)
1 out of 1 people found the following comment useful:-
A masterpiece !, 26 May 2006
Author:
wmjahn from Austria
Did anyone notice that Charlie made 2 of his best (maybe his best)
pictures one after another, both directed by Michael Winner (who did
some more nice entries in the Bronson catalog), both scored by Jerry
Fiedling (superbly, if I may add), "CHATO'S LAND" and "THE MECHANIC"
(from whom Tarantine chose to quote in "Kill Bill II") ??!! I must have
watched both movies app. half a dozen times and they seem to get better
with every viewing (despite knowing its ending)! First, these are films made for men, not children or family-viewing.
And let's be honest, if you wanna see a good, though, well played movie
today, what you're gonna do?? Certainly not go to the cinema, were you
see noisy, trashy high-budget trash in a row. You buy yourself a DVD or
watch some late-night viewing of a 70ies movie on TV! And these two
movies are certainly as good as it can get! Second, these movies are more less silent! You don't hear some silly
dialog through it all, but just men saying a few words, when it's
really needed. Those people, who talk a lot in such movies, are happily
the first ones that gonna be shot (and it's good this way)! Everybody's
always pointing out who little Arnold is saying in "TERMINATOR" (of
course the first one), a real good movie, too! Well, get yourself
CHATO'S LAND. In the German dubbed version good old Charlie (God bless
him!) spoke less than 10 words in German and maybe another dozen or so
in some tribal language, that's it! I'd take a bet that there is most
likely no other non-silent movie every made, in which the hero says as
few words as in this one!! And while we're at comparing it to Schwarzenegger/Terminator, did
anybody notice those MUSCLES of Charlie??!! And these are certainly no
anabolic-stuff, but real hard & honest earned ones! If we'd take
Charlie in his prime (when he made this one, he was HALF A CENTURY OLD
= 50 years!!!) and compare it to Schwarzenegger, when he was 50 not
that long ago ... I'd say Charlie would have wiped the carpet with him,
should there have been any reason for an argument. I'd just wish I'd
have looked that well, when I was 30, not to speak of being 50 (not
yet).The guy is just SO COOL in this movie as well as in THE MECHANIC (and
many more in fact))! OK, I hear the critics saying, this is just a "silly" revenge-movie
(note: made before DEATH WISH I !!). Nope, it ain't !! First, it's not
that important, what the story is, what really counts is how it is
delivered: movie-experts doing what they can at the highest level! It's
just GREAT to watch them delivering all the expected scenes without
getting whimsical, talky or making compromises. This is a men's movie
made for men! And second, it's not stupid at all! Why does everybody
has to go on his knees in front of authorities (the sheriff)? Esp. if
you're part of a badly treated minority! He's on his own, when a big
crowd invades HIS LAND (like the USA did in Vietnam) and he wipes them
off. He knows the land better than everybody else, he's trained and
intelligent (the followers are more stupid, but not completely), so he
does what he has to do. At the end the winner is logical and probably
that's the movie, Mr. Bush should have watched before entering the
Iraque ...OK, back to the movie. What about the acting? Wooden??? Come on, it
ain't, it's just perfect for this movie!! Would you like to see some
what-they-call-"actor"-today (say, Adrien Brody, who wasn't too
convincing in KING KONG either) delivering this?? It would just be
"strange"/ridiculous. And the other members of the crew? Just perfect!
Palance, superb (as always, but he should have avoided City Slickers),
Basehart and Whitmore, great! Just the kinda support crew one needs and
which is simply non-existent today (and which is sadly missed!).One critic complained about the "cheap look" (??) of the movie, and
that it must have been inexpensive to make. Well, so what? First,
blockbusters suck anyway, every 2 minutes an explosion is just noisy
and boring (but obviously expensive) anyway and the scenery is in fact
superbly chosen! It's just THE MAN, the scenery and his doomed
followers. The land is as bleak as the fate of the followers/hunters.
It's empty, it's pure, it's honest, it's something for "desert-rats".
:-)) So to sum up: you can't chose better for a great action movie of
the 70ies (and that'w when most of the great actions movies were
made!).Moreless the same can be said about THE MECHANIC: tough, not-talky,
thrilling, superbly shot and acted, great support cast, too, and what
an ending !!! I'd LOVE to see these out on DVD with much bonus material
(scenes from the set, one of Carlies too rare interviews: well, the guy
stayed silent when there was not much too say, smile, although I would
love him to still be among us and write some great autobiography!)!What a loss, but then again he's hopefully having superb times,
wherever he's now!
Was the above comment useful to you?
more
Discuss this title with other users on IMDb message board for Chato's Land (1972)
Recent Posts (updated daily)User
BRONSON at his best - areal masterpiece!
wmjahn
Apache Kid
snoorton
Why had the 2 last guys have to suffer most? (SPOILER)
p-kozlowski
Where can you get the german version on DVD?
mr-norman-bates
Different Scenes
keithnormand
more
If you enjoyed this title, our database also recommends:
The Outlaw
Riders of the Dawn
Red Fork Range
Waterhole #3
Hell's Headquarters
IMDb User Rating:
IMDb User Rating:
IMDb User Rating:
IMDb User Rating:
IMDb User Rating:
Add a recommendation |
Show more recommendations
You may report errors and omissions on this page to the IMDb database managers. They will be examined and if approved will be included in a future update. Clicking the 'Update' buttonwill take you through a step-by-step process.
Home | Search | Now Playing | News | My Movies | Games | Boards | Help | US Movie Showtimes | Top 250 | Register | RecommendationsBox Office | Index | Trailers |
Jobs | IMDbPro.com - Free Trial | IMDb Resume
Copyright © 1990-2007 Internet Movie Database Inc.
Terms and Privacy Policy under which this service is provided to you.
An company. 
Advertise on IMDb. 
License our content.
Back to Movie index