The Weather Underground (2002)
Now Playing
Movie/TV News
My Movies
DVD/Video
IMDbTV
Message Boards
Showtimes & Tickets
IMDbPro
IMDb Resume
 Login | Register
Home |
Top Movies |
Photos |
Independent Film |
GameBase |
Browse |
Help
All
Titles
- TV Episodes
My Movies
Names
Companies
Keywords
Characters
Quotes
Bios
Plots
more |
tips
SHOP WEATHER...
Amazon.com
Amazon.ca
Amazon.co.uk
Amazon.de
Amazon.fr
DVDVHSCDAll
DVDVHSCDAll
DVDVHSCDAll
DVDVHSCDAll
DVDVHSCDAll
IMDb >
The Weather Underground (2002)
Quicklinks
main detailscombined detailsfull cast and crewcompany creditstrailerspostersphoto galleryuser commentsexternal reviewsnewsgroup reviewsawardsuser ratingsrecommendationsmessage boardplot summaryplot keywordsmovie connectionsmerchandising linksbox office/businessrelease datesfilming locationstechnical specsDVD detailsliterature listingsofficial sitesmiscellaneous
Top Links
-trailers
-full cast and crew
-trivia
-official sites
-memorable quotes
Overview
main details
-combined details
-full cast and crew
-company credits
-tv schedule
Promotional
-taglines
-trailers
-posters
-photo gallery
Awards & Reviews
-user comments
-external reviews
-newsgroup reviews
-awards
-user ratings
-recommendations
-message board
Plot & Quotes
-plot summary
-plot keywords
-Amazon.com summary
-memorable quotes
Fun Stuff
-trivia
-goofs
-soundtrack listing
-crazy credits
-alternate versions
-movie connections
-FAQ
Other Info
-merchandising links
-box office/business
-release dates
-filming locations
-technical specs
-laserdisc details
-DVD details
-literature listings
-news articles
External Links
-showtimes
-official sites
-miscellaneous
-photographs
-sound clips
-video clips
The Weather Underground (2002)
advertisement
photos
board
trailer
details
Register or login to rate this title
User Rating:
7.7/10
(1,005 votes)
more
Photo Gallery (see all 6 photos)
more
Directors:
Sam GreenBill Siegel
Release Date:
13 November 2003 (Australia)
more
Genre:
Documentary more
Plot Outline:
The remarkable story of The Weather Underground, radical activists of the 1970s, and of radical politics at its best and most disastrous. more
Plot Keywords:
Federal Bureau Of Investigation
/
1960s
/
Radicalism
/
Radical
/
Terrorism
more
Awards:
Nominated for Oscar.
Another 4 wins
&
3 nominations
more
User Comments:
Troubling but Timely
more
(Credited cast)Billy Ayers ... Himself (also archive footage) (as Bill Ayers)Kathleen Cleaver ... Herself (also archive footage)Bernadine Dohrn ... Herself (also archive footage) (as Bernardine Dohrn)Brian Flanagan ... Himself (also archive footage)David Gilbert ... Himself (also archive footage)Todd Gitlin ... HimselfFred Hampton ... Himself (archive footage)Abbie Hoffman ... Himself (archive footage)Naomi Jaffe ... Herself (also archive footage)Martin Luther King ... Himself (archive footage)Jim Lange ... Additional voice-over (voice)Timothy Leary ... Himself (archive footage)Charles Manson ... Himself (archive footage)Walter Mondale ... Himself (archive footage)James Robison ... Himself (archive footage)Mark Rudd ... Himself (also archive footage)Don Strickland ... HimselfLili Taylor ... Narrator (voice)Evan White ... Additional voice-over (voice)Laura Whitehorn ... Herself (also archive footage)Pamela Z ... Narrator (voice)more
Runtime:
92 min
Country:
USA
Language:
English
Color:
Color
Sound Mix:
Mono
Certification:
Australia:M/ New Zealand:R13/ Singapore:PG/ USA:Unrated
Filming Locations:
Berkeley, California, USA
more
MOVIEmeter:
8% since last week
why?
Company:
The Free History Project
more
Movie Connections:
Features "CBS Evening News with Walter Cronkite" (1962)
more
This FAQ is empty. Add the first question.
(Comment on this title)
3 out of 5 people found the following comment useful:-
Troubling but Timely, 1 February 2005
Author:
eht5y from United States
The Weatherman faction remains one of the more troubling aspects of the
60s counterculture, for manifold reasons. How did a bunch of
well-educated, relatively privileged white kids transform from
idealistic protesters for peace into revolutionary terrorists? How were
they able to reconcile the inherent contradiction of using violence as
a means of pursuing peace? Can violence ever lead to reconciliation, or
must it necessarily beget more violence? Sam Green and Bill Siegel's
documentary examines all of these questions while remaining remarkably
objective. It's a pity that we should feel surprised when a documentary
filmmaker actually attempts to uphold the all-but-obsolete standard of
objectivity; nevertheless, Green and Siegel deserve to be complimented
for presenting a film that is perhaps more a window into the confusion
of the times than a history of one peculiar faction of anti-government
activists.Green & Siegel intersperse archival footage with commentary by a number
of the Weather Underground's leaders, most of whom retain their
revolutionary idealism, even if they have grown circumspect about their
methodology.The film persuasively channels the aura of violence and political
unrest that characterized American culture as the first vestiges of
counter-cultural idealism gave way first to frustration as the war in
Vietnam escalated and then to radicalism as, one after another, civil
and human rights activists ranging from Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. to
Chicago Black Panther leader Fred Hampton were brutally silenced,
possibly by order of American government agencies such as the CIA, NSA,
and FBI. Simultaneously, the tenor of apolitical American life shifted
from the good vibrations of psychedelia to paranoia and suspicion. The
image of the blissed-out, peace-loving, groovy hippie was replaced by
the crazed expression of Charles Manson, whose murderous id made every
God-fearing citizen's worst nightmares reality: acid-crazed hippies
rampaging the suburbs, butchering innocents in order to start a
revolution that would overthrow the status quo. Siegel's and Green's
direction employs numerous archival clips that are shockingly graphic,
including horrific footage of executions and the bodies of civilian
casualties in Vietnam (including many women and small children) and
uncensored crime scene photographs from the Tate-LaBianca murders
ordered by Charles Manson. The material is somewhat objectionable, but
serves the purpose of expressing the climate of fear that made it
possible for the likes of Mark Rudd--now a quiet, somewhat melancholy
math teacher at a community college in New Mexico--to drop out of sight
and begin plotting the violent overthrow of the American political
system.The film presents the Weather Underground as admirable in its courage
and determination, but also as terminally misguided. Weatherman leaders
repeatedly express their solidarity with the Black Panthers and any
revolutionary movement of underclass 'brown or black' people on the
planet, but the few Panthers who comment for the film either disavow
the Weathermen or express perplexity at their determination to identify
with the struggle of blacks and other oppressed ethnicities. As adults,
several of the group members acknowledge that, even when they were
harassed or beaten by police, they were still treated far more humanely
than their black counterparts, and so were never truly in the same
struggle as those whom they supported. Some of the members still speak
nostalgically about their Weathermen days and claim that they'd do it
all over again; others express disdain and regret over their complicity
in the deaths of innocents.As we begin to see history repeating itself in Iraq, 'The Weather
Underground' is all too timely. What was different about the 60s and
70s, when so many young people became committed to political activism,
from the present, when the numbers are relatively few? Will the process
that brought about the Weather Underground repeat itself, or was this
particular group less a consequence of the times than of the choices of
a few charismatic but misguided and naive twenty-somethings? Did
Weatherman make a difference, or was it simply another small piece of
the catastrophic collage of the Vietnam era? This film raises more
questions than it answers--which is probably what art should always try
to do.
Was the above comment useful to you?
more
Discuss this title with other users on IMDb message board for The Weather Underground (2002)
Recent Posts (updated daily)User
Did they really support Charlie Manson??
dododadadodo
were the weathermen right?
thinkingmachine
the weather man were LOSERS
wrensalert
Dig this
hoobler878
where is today's SDS
pepsivanilla
Another song question -slide guitar
adamrl-1
more
If you enjoyed this title, our database also recommends:
Underground
Neverland: The Rise and Fall of the Symbionese Liberation Army
Punishment Park
In the Year of the Pig
Medium Cool
IMDb User Rating:
IMDb User Rating:
IMDb User Rating:
IMDb User Rating:
IMDb User Rating:
Add a recommendation |
Show more recommendations
You may report errors and omissions on this page to the IMDb database managers. They will be examined and if approved will be included in a future update. Clicking the 'Update' buttonwill take you through a step-by-step process.
Home | Search | Now Playing | News | My Movies | Games | Boards | Help | US Movie Showtimes | Top 250 | Register | RecommendationsBox Office | Index | Trailers |
Jobs | IMDbPro.com - Free Trial | IMDb Resume
Copyright © 1990-2007 Internet Movie Database Inc.
Terms and Privacy Policy under which this service is provided to you.
An company. 
Advertise on IMDb. 
License our content.
Back to Movie index