IMDb TitleSearch
Now Playing
Movie/TV News
My Movies
DVD/Video
IMDbTV
Message Boards
Showtimes & Tickets
IMDbPro
IMDb Resume
 Login | Register
Home |
Top Movies |
Photos |
Independent Film |
GameBase |
Browse |
Help
All
Titles
- TV Episodes
My Movies
Names
Companies
Keywords
Characters
Quotes
Bios
Plots
more |
tips
The Boston Strangler•  Characters•  Plots•  Biographies•  Quotesmore »Note: some searches may not yield results
IMDb TitleSearch
A search for "The Boston Strangler" found the following results:
Titles (Exact Matches) (Displaying 3 Results)The Boston Strangler (1968)
The Boston Strangler (2006) (V)
The Strangler (1964) aka "The Boston Strangler" - USA (working title)
Titles (Partial Matches) (Displaying 1 Result)The Hunt for the Boston Strangler (2007) (TV)
Titles (Approx Matches) (Displaying 16 Results)The Brighton Strangler (1945)
Espectro del estrangulador (1966) aka "Santo vs. the Ghost of the Strangler" - USA (video box title)
Würger von Schloß Blackmoor, Der (1963) aka "The Strangler of Blackmoor Castle"
Not as a Stranger (1955) aka "Morton Thompson's Not as a Stranger" - USA (complete title)
The Night Strangler (1973) (TV)
Rampage: The Hillside Strangler Murders (2006) aka "The Hillside Strangler" - USA (working title)
Don't Answer the Phone! (1980) aka "The Hollywood Strangler"
The Hillside Strangler (2004)
Grip of the Strangler (1958) aka "The Haunted Strangler" - USA
Strangler of the Swamp (1946)
The Hands of Orlac (1960) aka "Hands of the Strangler"
Strangolatore di Vienna, Lo (1971) aka "The Strangler of Vienna" aka "The Vienna Strangler"
The Stranglers of Bombay (1960)
The Hollywood Strangler Meets the Skid Row Slasher (1979) aka "The Hollywood Strangler"
Kiganjô no bôken (1966) aka "Adventure of the Strange Stone Castle"
Night of the Strangler (1975)
Suggestions For Improving Your Results
Your original search was changed to "The Boston Strangler" because this is more
likely to give better matches. If you prefer you may search again with your original query.
Search for "The Boston Strangler (1968)".
There may be additional title matches amongst all the alternative
titles we have for various regions and languages.
AKA Title Search for "The Boston Strangler".
If you are searching for a particular episode of a TV Series,
you should search for the title of the TV series, not the episode.
Or you can use the following link to search all Episode Titles.
Episode Title Search for "The Boston Strangler".
There may be additional matches in special interest areas that are
only available to users choosing to see them.
Enable adult titles/names in the search.
More Searches
Titles
These searches will return up to 1000 matches in each category.
 Search Preferences 
Home | Search | Now Playing | News | My Movies | Games | Boards | Help | US Movie Showtimes | Top 250 | Register | RecommendationsBox Office | Index | Trailers |
Jobs | IMDbPro.com - Free Trial | IMDb Resume
Copyright © 1990-2007 Internet Movie Database Inc.
Terms and Privacy Policy under which this service is provided to you.
An company. 
Advertise on IMDb. 
License our content.
Back to Movie index