IMDb TitleSearch
Now Playing
Movie/TV News
My Movies
DVD/Video
IMDbTV
Message Boards
Showtimes & Tickets
IMDbPro
IMDb Resume
 Login | Register
Home |
Top Movies |
Photos |
Independent Film |
GameBase |
Browse |
Help
All
Titles
- TV Episodes
My Movies
Names
Companies
Keywords
Characters
Quotes
Bios
Plots
more |
tips
A Night at the Opera•  Characters•  Plots•  Biographies•  Quotesmore »Note: some searches may not yield results
IMDb TitleSearch
A search for "A Night at the Opera" found the following results:
Popular Results
Popular Titles (Displaying 1 Result)A Night at the Opera (1935)
Other Results
Titles (Exact Matches) (Displaying 1 Result)A Night at the Opera (1998)
Titles (Partial Matches) (Displaying 3 Results)Classic Albums: Queen - The Making of 'A Night at the Opera' (2006) (V)
Remarks on Marx: A Night at the Opera (2004) (V)
Jackie Mason: A Night at the Opera (2002) (TV)
Titles (Approx Matches) (Displaying 15 Results)Noch na 14-y paralleli (1971) aka "The Night at 14th Parallel"
Romantische Opernnacht - A romantic Opera Night, Eine (1999) (TV)
Carry on Matron (1972) aka "Carry on Matron or from Here to Maternity or Familiarity Breeds or Womb at the Top or the Preggars Opera" - UK (complete title)
Bame pin haebaragi (1967) aka "The Sunflower at Night" - (English title) (literal title)
The Fable of a Night Given Over to Revelry (1915)
Nanhai quan wang ye dao mei hua ma (1957) aka "How the Boxer from Nanhai Stole the Dappled Horse at Night" - Hong Kong (English title)
Fine del mondo nel nostro solito letto in una notte piena di pioggia, La (1978) aka "The End of the World in Our Usual Bed in a Night Full of Rain" - USA (complete title)
Saturday Night Live: The Best of Cheri Oteri (2004) (TV)
Behind the Tunes: It Hopped One Night - A Look at 'One Froggy Evening' (2004) (V)
They Come at Night (1998)
How to Fly the B-17 (Part 2, Flight Operations) (1943)
A Night at the Apollo (2002) (TV)
Night at the Golden Eagle (2002)
Alice Cooper: The Nightmare (1975) (TV)
You Can't Do That! The Making of 'A Hard Day's Night' (1995) (V)
Suggestions For Improving Your Results
Your original search was changed to "A Night at the Opera" because this is more
likely to give better matches. If you prefer you may search again with your original query.
Search for "A Night at the Opera (1935)".
There may be additional title matches amongst all the alternative
titles we have for various regions and languages.
AKA Title Search for "A Night at the Opera".
If you are searching for a particular episode of a TV Series,
you should search for the title of the TV series, not the episode.
Or you can use the following link to search all Episode Titles.
Episode Title Search for "A Night at the Opera".
There may be additional matches in special interest areas that are
only available to users choosing to see them.
Enable adult titles/names in the search.
More Searches
Titles
These searches will return up to 1000 matches in each category.
 Search Preferences 
Home | Search | Now Playing | News | My Movies | Games | Boards | Help | US Movie Showtimes | Top 250 | Register | RecommendationsBox Office | Index | Trailers |
Jobs | IMDbPro.com - Free Trial | IMDb Resume
Copyright © 1990-2007 Internet Movie Database Inc.
Terms and Privacy Policy under which this service is provided to you.
An company. 
Advertise on IMDb. 
License our content.
Back to Movie index