IMDb TitleSearch
Now Playing
Movie/TV News
My Movies
DVD/Video
IMDbTV
Message Boards
Showtimes & Tickets
IMDbPro
IMDb Resume
 Login | Register
Home |
Top Movies |
Photos |
Independent Film |
GameBase |
Browse |
Help
All
Titles
- TV Episodes
My Movies
Names
Companies
Keywords
Characters
Quotes
Bios
Plots
more |
tips
Sam the Iron Bridge•  Characters•  Plots•  Biographies•  Quotesmore »Note: some searches may not yield results
IMDb TitleSearch
A search for "Sam the Iron Bridge" found the following results:
Titles (Exact Matches) (Displaying 1 Result)Wu zhuang yuan Tie Qiao San (1993) aka "Sam the Iron Bridge"
Titles (Partial Matches) (Displaying 1 Result)Wu shi duan bei (1994) aka "Sam the Iron Bridge 2"
Titles (Approx Matches) (Displaying 18 Results)The Bridge of Sighs -- Pan-American Exposition (1901)
Panorama of Brooklyn Bridge, River Front, and Tall Buildings from the East River (1901)
Building an Icon: The Story of the Provencher Bridge (2005) (TV)
At the Top of Brooklyn Bridge (1897) aka "Panorama from the Tower of Brooklyn Bridge" - USA (copyright title)
Panorama from the Tower of the Brooklyn Bridge (1899)
The Bridge of San Luis Rey (2004)
The Bridge of San Luis Rey (1944)
The Bridge of San Luis Rey (1929)
Vu du pont (1961) aka "A View from the Bridge"
The Bridge on the River Kwai: An Appreciation by Filmmaker John Milius (2000) (V)
A Rough Night on the Bridge (1910)
Hombre del puente, El (1976) aka "Man on the Bridge" - (English title)
Mahô no purinsesu Minkî Momo: Yume ni kakeru hashi (1993) (V) aka "Fairy Princess Minky Momo: The Bridge Over Dreams" -(literal English title)
Menai Bridge, the Day Irish Mail from Euston Entering the Tubular Bridge Over the Menai Straits (1898)
6th Street Bridge: Achieving the Improbable of Landing a Plane on a Bridge (2003) (V)
Third Trinity, Cambridge, Winning the Race for the Grand Challenge Cup. Taken at Henley on July 10th, 1902 (1902)
Ulmyeo hegin yeomchungyo (1966) aka "The Bridge of Separation" - (English title)
Crossing Time: The Wheeling Suspension Bridge (2002) (TV)
Suggestions For Improving Your Results
Your original search was changed to "Sam the Iron Bridge" because this is more
likely to give better matches. If you prefer you may search again with your original query.
Search for "Sam the Iron Bridge (1993)".
There may be additional title matches amongst all the alternative
titles we have for various regions and languages.
AKA Title Search for "Sam the Iron Bridge".
If you are searching for a particular episode of a TV Series,
you should search for the title of the TV series, not the episode.
Or you can use the following link to search all Episode Titles.
Episode Title Search for "Sam the Iron Bridge".
There may be additional matches in special interest areas that are
only available to users choosing to see them.
Enable adult titles/names in the search.
More Searches
Titles
These searches will return up to 1000 matches in each category.
 Search Preferences 
Home | Search | Now Playing | News | My Movies | Games | Boards | Help | US Movie Showtimes | Top 250 | Register | RecommendationsBox Office | Index | Trailers |
Jobs | IMDbPro.com - Free Trial | IMDb Resume
Copyright © 1990-2007 Internet Movie Database Inc.
Terms and Privacy Policy under which this service is provided to you.
An company. 
Advertise on IMDb. 
License our content.
Back to Movie index