IMDb TitleSearch
Now Playing
Movie/TV News
My Movies
DVD/Video
IMDbTV
Message Boards
Showtimes & Tickets
IMDbPro
IMDb Resume
 Login | Register
Home |
Top Movies |
Photos |
Independent Film |
GameBase |
Browse |
Help
All
Titles
- TV Episodes
My Movies
Names
Companies
Keywords
Characters
Quotes
Bios
Plots
more |
tips
The Three Stooges: Sing a Song of Six Pants•  Characters•  Plots•  Biographies•  Quotesmore »Note: some searches may not yield results
IMDb TitleSearch
A search for "The Three Stooges: Sing a Song of Six Pants" found the following results:
Titles (Approx Matches) (Displaying 20 Results)Disney Sing-Along-Songs: Colors of the Wind (1996) (V)
Disney Sing-Along-Songs: The Twelve Days of Christmas (1994) (V)
Siegfried (2003) (TV) aka "Richard Wagner: Ring of the Nibelung - A Stage Festival Play for Three Days and a Preliminary Evening: Second Day - Siegfried" - (English title) (complete title)
The Songs of Six Families (1994) (TV)
Let's Sing a Song of the West (1947)
The Best of Disney Music: A Legacy in Song - Part II (1993) (TV)
The Best of Disney Music: A Legacy in Song - Part I (1993) (TV)
Community Sing: Songs of the West (1939)
Dahamgae buleugo shipeun nolae (1979) aka "A Song Everyone Wants to Sing Together" - (English title)
Stories & Songs of the People (2001)
An All-Access Pass to the Sets and Costumes of 'Flower Drum Song' (2006) (V)
California Dreamin': The Songs of 'The Mamas & the Papas' (2005) (TV)
SpongeBob SquarePants: A Day in the Life of a Sponge (2004) (VG)
Paradise Road: The Life and Songs of Dolly Parton (1998)
Sting: Inside - The Songs of Sacred Love (2003) (TV)
Sing a Song of Six Pants (1947)
Classic Albums: Stevie Wonder - Songs in the Key of Life (1997) (V)
Surviving Gilligan's Island: The Incredibly True Story of the Longest Three Hour Tour in History (2001) (TV)
This Land Is Your Land: The Animated Kids' Songs of Woody Guthrie (1997) (V)
The Land Before Time Sing*along*songs (1997)
Suggestions For Improving Your Results
Your original search was changed to "The Three Stooges: Sing a Song of Six Pants" because this is more
likely to give better matches. If you prefer you may search again with your original query.
Search for "The Three Stooges: Sing a Song of Six Pants (1947)".
There may be additional title matches amongst all the alternative
titles we have for various regions and languages.
AKA Title Search for "The Three Stooges: Sing a Song of Six Pants".
If you are searching for a particular episode of a TV Series,
you should search for the title of the TV series, not the episode.
Or you can use the following link to search all Episode Titles.
Episode Title Search for "The Three Stooges: Sing a Song of Six Pants".
There may be additional matches in special interest areas that are
only available to users choosing to see them.
Enable adult titles/names in the search.
More Searches
Titles
These searches will return up to 1000 matches in each category.
 Search Preferences 
Home | Search | Now Playing | News | My Movies | Games | Boards | Help | US Movie Showtimes | Top 250 | Register | RecommendationsBox Office | Index | Trailers |
Jobs | IMDbPro.com - Free Trial | IMDb Resume
Copyright © 1990-2007 Internet Movie Database Inc.
Terms and Privacy Policy under which this service is provided to you.
An company. 
Advertise on IMDb. 
License our content.
Back to Movie index