IMDb TitleSearch
Now Playing
Movie/TV News
My Movies
DVD/Video
IMDbTV
Message Boards
Showtimes & Tickets
IMDbPro
IMDb Resume
 Login | Register
Home |
Top Movies |
Photos |
Independent Film |
GameBase |
Browse |
Help
All
Titles
- TV Episodes
My Movies
Names
Companies
Keywords
Characters
Quotes
Bios
Plots
more |
tips
The Deer Hunter•  Characters•  Plots•  Biographies•  Quotesmore »Note: some searches may not yield results
IMDb TitleSearch
A search for "The Deer Hunter" found the following results:
Popular Results
Popular Titles (Displaying 1 Result)The Deer Hunter (1978)
Other Results
Titles (Partial Matches) (Displaying 4 Results)Universal Ike Junior in the Deer Hunter (1914)
Playing 'The Deer Hunter': An Interview with John Savage (2003) (V)
Realising 'The Deer Hunter': An Interview with Michael Cimino (2003) (V)
Shooting 'The Deer Hunter' (2003) (V)
Titles (Approx Matches) (Displaying 15 Results)Hunters of the Deep (1954)
Hunter: The Reckoning Redeemer (2003) (VG)
Sayyadane namakzar (1965) aka "Hunters of the Salt Desert" - (English title)
The Underground Bounty Hunter (2007) (VG)
Matagi (1982) aka "The Old Bear Hunter" - (English title)
The Bear Hunter (2004)
The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter (1968)
Romasanta (2004) aka "Werewolf Hunter: The Legend of Romasanta" - USA (DVD title)
Yami no karyudo (1979) aka "Hunter in the Dark"
Máscaro: el cazador americano (1992) aka "Mascaro, Hunter of the Americas"
Vampire Hunter: The Animated Series (1997) (V)
The Rum Diary (2008) aka "Hunter S. Thompson's The Rum Diary" - USA (working title)
"The Crocodile Hunter Diaries" (2002)
Sexo caníbal (1980) aka "The Devil Hunter" - (English title)
City Hunter Special: Kinkyû namachûkei!? Kyôakuhan Saeba Ryô no saigo (1999) aka "City Hunter Special: Special Emergency Broadcast?! The Death of the Evil Ryo Saeba?"
Suggestions For Improving Your Results
Your original search was changed to "The Deer Hunter" because this is more
likely to give better matches. If you prefer you may search again with your original query.
Search for "The Deer Hunter (1978)".
There may be additional title matches amongst all the alternative
titles we have for various regions and languages.
AKA Title Search for "The Deer Hunter".
If you are searching for a particular episode of a TV Series,
you should search for the title of the TV series, not the episode.
Or you can use the following link to search all Episode Titles.
Episode Title Search for "The Deer Hunter".
There may be additional matches in special interest areas that are
only available to users choosing to see them.
Enable adult titles/names in the search.
More Searches
Titles
These searches will return up to 1000 matches in each category.
 Search Preferences 
Home | Search | Now Playing | News | My Movies | Games | Boards | Help | US Movie Showtimes | Top 250 | Register | RecommendationsBox Office | Index | Trailers |
Jobs | IMDbPro.com - Free Trial | IMDb Resume
Copyright © 1990-2007 Internet Movie Database Inc.
Terms and Privacy Policy under which this service is provided to you.
An company. 
Advertise on IMDb. 
License our content.
Back to Movie index