IMDb TitleSearch
Now Playing
Movie/TV News
My Movies
DVD/Video
IMDbTV
Message Boards
Showtimes & Tickets
IMDbPro
IMDb Resume
 Login | Register
Home |
Top Movies |
Photos |
Independent Film |
GameBase |
Browse |
Help
All
Titles
- TV Episodes
My Movies
Names
Companies
Keywords
Characters
Quotes
Bios
Plots
more |
tips
A Little Princess•  Characters•  Plots•  Biographies•  Quotesmore »Note: some searches may not yield results
IMDb TitleSearch
A search for "A Little Princess" found the following results:
Popular Results
Popular Titles (Displaying 1 Result)A Little Princess (1995)
Other Results
Titles (Exact Matches) (Displaying 2 Results)A Little Princess (1986) (TV)
"A Little Princess" (1973)
Titles (Partial Matches) (Displaying 1 Result)Horloge magique ou La petite fille qui voulait être princesse, L' (1928) aka "The Magical Clock, or The Little Girl Who Wanted to Be a Princess" - (English title) (literal title)
Titles (Approx Matches) (Displaying 16 Results)Gong zhu yu qi xiao xia (1962) aka "The Princess and the Seven Little Heroes" - (English title) (literal title)
My Little Pony: The Princess Promenade (2006) (V)
"Shôkôjo Sêra" (1985) aka "Little Princess Sara" - (English title)
The Little Princess (1939)
Malenkaya printsessa (1997) aka "The Little Princess"
The Little Princess (1917)
"Little Princess" (2006)
Gigi: God's Little Princess (2006) (V)
The Little Princess of Song (1927)
Rap do Pequeno Príncipe Contra as Almas Sebosas, O (2000) aka "The Little Prince's Rap Against the Wicked Souls" - (English title)
Petit prince a dit, Le (1992) aka "And the Little Prince Said"
"The Adventures of the Little Prince" (1982)
A Letter to the Princess (1912)
Wanpaku ôji no orochi taiji (1963) aka "Little Prince and Eight Headed Dragon" - USA
The Little Prince (1974)
Taiyo no oji: Horusu no daiboken (1968) aka "Little Norse Prince" - USA (TV title)
Suggestions For Improving Your Results
Your original search was changed to "A Little Princess" because this is more
likely to give better matches. If you prefer you may search again with your original query.
Search for "A Little Princess (1995)".
There may be additional title matches amongst all the alternative
titles we have for various regions and languages.
AKA Title Search for "A Little Princess".
If you are searching for a particular episode of a TV Series,
you should search for the title of the TV series, not the episode.
Or you can use the following link to search all Episode Titles.
Episode Title Search for "A Little Princess".
There may be additional matches in special interest areas that are
only available to users choosing to see them.
Enable adult titles/names in the search.
More Searches
Titles
These searches will return up to 1000 matches in each category.
 Search Preferences 
Home | Search | Now Playing | News | My Movies | Games | Boards | Help | US Movie Showtimes | Top 250 | Register | RecommendationsBox Office | Index | Trailers |
Jobs | IMDbPro.com - Free Trial | IMDb Resume
Copyright © 1990-2007 Internet Movie Database Inc.
Terms and Privacy Policy under which this service is provided to you.
An company. 
Advertise on IMDb. 
License our content.
Back to Movie index