IMDb TitleSearch
Now Playing
Movie/TV News
My Movies
DVD/Video
IMDbTV
Message Boards
Showtimes & Tickets
IMDbPro
IMDb Resume
 Login | Register
Home |
Top Movies |
Photos |
Independent Film |
GameBase |
Browse |
Help
All
Titles
- TV Episodes
My Movies
Names
Companies
Keywords
Characters
Quotes
Bios
Plots
more |
tips
Sex and the City•  Characters•  Plots•  Biographies•  Quotesmore »Note: some searches may not yield results
IMDb TitleSearch
A search for "Sex and the City" found the following results:
Popular Results
Popular Titles (Displaying 1 Result)"Sex and the City" (1998)
Other Results
Titles (Exact Matches) (Displaying 2 Results)Sex and the City (2007) (TV)
Sex & the City (2008)
Titles (Partial Matches) (Displaying 4 Results)Sex and the City: A Farewell (2004) (TV)
Bye, Bye Sex and the City (2004) (TV)
Opposite Sex and the City (2002)
Leipzig - Sex and the City (2007) (TV)
Titles (Approx Matches) (Displaying 13 Results)Between the City and the Sea (2003)
Six and the City (2003)
Home and Away: Secrets and the City (2002) (V)
The Country Mouse and the City Cat (1922)
The Country Mouse (1921) aka "The Country Mouse and the City Mouse" - USA
Negro Leagues Baseball (1946) aka "Negro Leagues Baseball: Reece 'Goose' Tatum, the Indianapolis Clowns and the Kansas City Monarchs" - USA
"The Country Mouse and the City Mouse Adventures" (1997)
The Country Mouse & the City Mouse: A Christmas Tale (1993) (TV)
Delegacija Svekineskog kongresa narodnih predstavnika NR Kine i grada Pekinga u Jugoslaviji (1957) aka "Delegation of All-Chinese Congress of People's Representatives of People's Republic of China and the City of Beijing in Yugoslavia" - (English title)
Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band: Live in New York City (2001) (TV)
Merkwürdige Verhalten geschlechtsreifer Großstädter zur Paarungszeit, Das (1998) aka "The Strange Behaviour of Sexually Mature City Slickers at Mating Season" - (English title) (informal literal title)
The Opposite Sex and How to Live with Them (1993)
Pharaoh's Streets (2000) aka "Homelessness and Voices of Providence in the City of Angels, 2000CE" - USA
Suggestions For Improving Your Results
Your original search was changed to "Sex and the City" because this is more
likely to give better matches. If you prefer you may search again with your original query.
Search for "Sex and the City (2001)".
There may be additional title matches amongst all the alternative
titles we have for various regions and languages.
AKA Title Search for "Sex and the City".
If you are searching for a particular episode of a TV Series,
you should search for the title of the TV series, not the episode.
Or you can use the following link to search all Episode Titles.
Episode Title Search for "Sex and the City".
There may be additional matches in special interest areas that are
only available to users choosing to see them.
Enable adult titles/names in the search.
More Searches
Titles
These searches will return up to 1000 matches in each category.
 Search Preferences 
Home | Search | Now Playing | News | My Movies | Games | Boards | Help | US Movie Showtimes | Top 250 | Register | RecommendationsBox Office | Index | Trailers |
Jobs | IMDbPro.com - Free Trial | IMDb Resume
Copyright © 1990-2007 Internet Movie Database Inc.
Terms and Privacy Policy under which this service is provided to you.
An company. 
Advertise on IMDb. 
License our content.
Back to Movie index