IMDb TitleSearch
Now Playing
Movie/TV News
My Movies
DVD/Video
IMDbTV
Message Boards
Showtimes & Tickets
IMDbPro
IMDb Resume
 Login | Register
Home |
Top Movies |
Photos |
Independent Film |
GameBase |
Browse |
Help
All
Titles
- TV Episodes
My Movies
Names
Companies
Keywords
Characters
Quotes
Bios
Plots
more |
tips
Barbarian Queen 2•  Characters•  Plots•  Biographies•  Quotesmore »Note: some searches may not yield results
IMDb TitleSearch
A search for "Barbarian Queen 2" found the following results:
Titles (Partial Matches) (Displaying 1 Result)Barbarian Queen II: The Empress Strikes Back (1989)
Titles (Approx Matches) (Displaying 16 Results)Barbarian Queen (1985)
Barbarian II: Dungeons of Drax (1988) (VG)
Reina del Tabarín, La (1960) aka "Queen of the Tabarin Club" - (English title)
Superuomini, superdonne, superbotte (1975) aka "Return of the Barbarian Women" aka "Barbarian Revenge"
Barbarella (1968) aka "Barbarella: Queen of the Galaxy" - USA (promotional title)
Conan Unchained: The Making of 'Conan' (2000) (V) aka "Conan Unchained: The Making of 'Conan the Barbarian'" - USA
Gunan il guerriero (1982) aka "Gunan, King of the Barbarians" - USA
Nezny barbar (1990) aka "Tender Barbarian"
Hrafninn flýgur (1984) aka "Revenge of the Barbarians"
Nuovi barbari, I (1982) aka "The New Barbarians"
"Thundarr the Barbarian" (1980)
Vendetta dei barbari, La (1960) aka "Revenge of the Barbarians" - USA
Barbarians: Fierce and Friendly (1999)
Bárbaros del norte, Los (1962) aka "Barbarians of the North" - (English title)
Quenouille de Barberine, La (1910)
Barbarian II (1991) (VG)
Suggestions For Improving Your Results
Your original search was changed to "Barbarian Queen 2" because this is more
likely to give better matches. If you prefer you may search again with your original query.
Search for "Barbarian Queen 2 (1989)".
There may be additional title matches amongst all the alternative
titles we have for various regions and languages.
AKA Title Search for "Barbarian Queen 2".
If you are searching for a particular episode of a TV Series,
you should search for the title of the TV series, not the episode.
Or you can use the following link to search all Episode Titles.
Episode Title Search for "Barbarian Queen 2".
There may be additional matches in special interest areas that are
only available to users choosing to see them.
Enable adult titles/names in the search.
More Searches
Titles
These searches will return up to 1000 matches in each category.
 Search Preferences 
Home | Search | Now Playing | News | My Movies | Games | Boards | Help | US Movie Showtimes | Top 250 | Register | RecommendationsBox Office | Index | Trailers |
Jobs | IMDbPro.com - Free Trial | IMDb Resume
Copyright © 1990-2007 Internet Movie Database Inc.
Terms and Privacy Policy under which this service is provided to you.
An company. 
Advertise on IMDb. 
License our content.
Back to Movie index