IMDb TitleSearch
Now Playing
Movie/TV News
My Movies
DVD/Video
IMDbTV
Message Boards
Showtimes & Tickets
IMDbPro
IMDb Resume
 Login | Register
Home |
Top Movies |
Photos |
Independent Film |
GameBase |
Browse |
Help
All
Titles
- TV Episodes
My Movies
Names
Companies
Keywords
Characters
Quotes
Bios
Plots
more |
tips
Clifford: Clifford Saves the Day!•  Characters•  Plots•  Biographies•  Quotesmore »Note: some searches may not yield results
IMDb TitleSearch
A search for "Clifford: Clifford Saves the Day!" found the following results:
Titles (Approx Matches) (Displaying 20 Results)Fond Heart Saves the Day (1913)
"Clifford the Big Red Dog" (2000)
Clifford the Big Red Dog (1988)
Gas-s-s-s (1971) aka "Gas! Or It Became Necessary to Destroy the World in Order to Save It" aka "Gas-s-s-s... or, It May Become Necessary to Destroy the World in Order to Save It"
"Clifford's Puppy Days" (2003)
Felix Saves the Day (1922)
"The Cliffwood Avenue Kids" (1977)
"The Melba Moore-Clifton Davis Show" (1972)
The Magic of Ordinary Days (2005) (TV)
Bill Saves the Day (1914)
Desperate Moves (1981) aka "Save the Last Dance for Me"
The Day the World Saved Shane Sawyer (2006)
Have a Nice Day: A Day in the Life of Sid Montgomery (2002)
The Fable of Prince Fortunatus, Who Moved Away from Easy Street, and Silas, the Saver, Who Moved In (1917)
The Marriage Speculation (1917) aka "The Marriage Speculation of Mr. Cliday's Investment" - USA (original script title)
The Bravest Girl in California (1913)
California Condor: Edge of Extinction, Saving the Endangered Species (2001) (TV)
Rhythm Saves the Day (1937)
Some Day When the Clouds Roll by (1945)
The Day the Lord Got Busted (1976)
Suggestions For Improving Your Results
Your original search was changed to "Clifford: Clifford Saves the Day!" because this is more
likely to give better matches. If you prefer you may search again with your original query.
Search for "Clifford: Clifford Saves the Day! (2001)".
There may be additional title matches amongst all the alternative
titles we have for various regions and languages.
AKA Title Search for "Clifford: Clifford Saves the Day!".
If you are searching for a particular episode of a TV Series,
you should search for the title of the TV series, not the episode.
Or you can use the following link to search all Episode Titles.
Episode Title Search for "Clifford: Clifford Saves the Day!".
There may be additional matches in special interest areas that are
only available to users choosing to see them.
Enable adult titles/names in the search.
More Searches
Titles
These searches will return up to 1000 matches in each category.
 Search Preferences 
Home | Search | Now Playing | News | My Movies | Games | Boards | Help | US Movie Showtimes | Top 250 | Register | RecommendationsBox Office | Index | Trailers |
Jobs | IMDbPro.com - Free Trial | IMDb Resume
Copyright © 1990-2007 Internet Movie Database Inc.
Terms and Privacy Policy under which this service is provided to you.
An company. 
Advertise on IMDb. 
License our content.
Back to Movie index