"Winston Churchill: The Wilderness Years" (1981) (mini)
Now Playing
Movie/TV News
My Movies
DVD/Video
IMDbTV
Message Boards
Showtimes & Tickets
IMDbPro
IMDb Resume
 Login | Register
Home |
Top Movies |
Photos |
Independent Film |
GameBase |
Browse |
Help
All
Titles
- TV Episodes
My Movies
Names
Companies
Keywords
Characters
Quotes
Bios
Plots
more |
tips
SHOP WINSTON...
Amazon.com
Amazon.ca
Amazon.co.uk
Amazon.de
Amazon.fr
DVDVHSCDAll
DVDVHSCDAll
Rent
DVDVHSCDAll
DVDVHSCDAll
DVDVHSCDAll
IMDb >
"Winston Churchill: The Wilderness Years" (1981) (mini)
Quicklinks
main detailscombined detailsfull cast and crewcompany creditsuser commentsexternal reviewsawardsuser ratingsrecommendationsplot keywordsmemorable quotesgoofsmovie connectionsmerchandising linksrelease datesDVD detailsmiscellaneous
Top Links
-trailers
-full cast and crew
-trivia
-official sites
-memorable quotes
Overview
main details
-combined details
-full cast and crew
-company credits
-tv schedule
Promotional
-taglines
-trailers
-posters
-photo gallery
Awards & Reviews
-user comments
-external reviews
-newsgroup reviews
-awards
-user ratings
-recommendations
-message board
Plot & Quotes
-plot summary
-plot keywords
-Amazon.com summary
-memorable quotes
Fun Stuff
-trivia
-goofs
-soundtrack listing
-crazy credits
-alternate versions
-movie connections
-FAQ
Other Info
-merchandising links
-box office/business
-release dates
-filming locations
-technical specs
-laserdisc details
-DVD details
-literature listings
-news articles
External Links
-showtimes
-official sites
-miscellaneous
-photographs
-sound clips
-video clips
"Winston Churchill: The Wilderness Years" (1981) (mini)
advertisement
photos
board
trailer
details
Register or login to rate this title
User Rating:
9.1/10
(72 votes)
more
Director:
Ferdinand Fairfax
Writer:
Ferdinand Fairfax
Release Date:
16 January 1983 (USA)
more
Genre:
Biography / Drama more
Plot Outline:
The story of Winston Churchill's life between 1929, when he lost his cabinet position, and 1939, when he became Great Britain's prime minister - a period he described as the most difficult in his life.
Plot Keywords:
1920s
/
1930s
/
Historical
/
British Lord
/
British Parliament
more
Awards:
1 win
&
8 nominations
more
User Comments:
Winnie in the Doldrums
more
(Cast overview, first billed only)Robert Hardy ... Winston ChurchillSiân Phillips ... Clementine ChurchillNigel Havers ... Randolph ChurchillChloe Salaman ... Sarah ChurchillTamsin Murray-Leach ... Mary Churchill, as a childKatharine Levy ... Mary ChurchillTim Pigott-Smith ... Brendan BrackenDavid Swift ... Professor LindemannSherrie Hewson ... Mrs. PearmanMoray Watson ... Major Desmond MortonPaul Freeman ... Ralph WigramFrank Middlemass ... Lord DerbyDavid Quilter ... Wing-Commander Torr AndersonSam Wanamaker ... Bernard BaruchPeter Barkworth ... Stanley Baldwinmore
Runtime:
60 min (8 episodes)
Country:
UK
Language:
English
Color:
Color
MOVIEmeter:
4% since last week
why?
Company:
Southern Television
more
Goofs:
Anachronisms: In the first episode, "Down and Out," Churchill is seen giving a speech in the USA in 1929. A US flag is visible to his right, and the field (with the stars) is visible. The stars are in staggered rows, meaning it is a 50 star US flag. A 48-star flag, as in use in 1929, would have even rows of stars (six rows of eight).
more
Quotes:
[1936: Germany is rapidly re-arming. Yet Britain's leaders continue to ignore Churchill's calls for increased spending on Britain's armed forces]
Neville Chamberlain:
If there's any danger to this country, it's *Winston*. He's the war-monger, not Hitler! If this country is ever dragged into another conflict with Germany, it will be precisely because of his irresponsible belligerence!
more
Movie Connections:
Referenced in 28 Up (1985) (TV)
more
This FAQ is empty. Add the first question.
(Comment on this title)
1 out of 2 people found the following comment useful:-
Winnie in the Doldrums, 11 May 2005
Author:
theowinthrop from United States
This series was a wonderful and unexpected one a quarter century ago.
Based on a book of the same name, it traced the missing period of
Winston Churchill's career. Having been a leading figure in political
life from 1903 to 1929, and risen to such posts as Home Secretary,
First Lord of the Admiralty, and Chancellor of the Exchequer, Churchill
was cast adrift when the Tories under Stanley Baldwin lost office to
the Labor Party of Ramsay MacDonald in a general election. For awhile
Baldwin and Churchill were sitting next to each other on the front
opposition bench in the House of Commons, but Baldwin was not that
happy about this. He knew that Churchill was a potential Tory rival for
leadership, and Baldwin wanted to control those who would succeed him
while he held power.The series did not quite explain Churchill's weakness here - in 1903,
when he first made his name in politics, Churchill was a Tory M.P. This
was traditional, because his father, Lord Randolph Churchill, had also
been a Tory M.P. But Lord Randolph had been a maverick, who built up a
block of Tories (one was future Prime Minister Arthur Balfour) called
the Fourth Party, and had done considerable damage to Lord Salisbury's
party in the 1880s. Lord Randolph did end up as Chancellor of Exchequer
in 1887, but a political showdown miscalculation with Salisbury
finished his career (a case of syphilis also ruined it). Winston took
his father's independence to heart. He announced his rejection of the
Tory policies of his day, and "crossed the aisle" to sit with the
Liberal Party. Denounced for his treason to his father's party, Winston
actually rose to power from 1903 to 1923 as a Liberal Party leader. But
in 1916 there was a power struggle between the Liberal Prime Minister
(Asquith) and his successor (Lloyd George). Winston sided with Lloyd
George, and this was fine while a complicated half-Liberal/half-Tory
coalition existed. But it collapsed in 1922. The following year Winston
announced his disillusion with Liberal Party politics and crossed back
to the Tories. Baldwin accepted it, as Churchill was experienced and
smart. He made him Chancellor of Exchequer in his 1924-1929
administration. But Baldwin (as I said) did not trust Churchill.The series never makes this clear, although Baldwin is shown to be a
smart politician (Winston later acknowledged that Stanley was the most
formidable politician he ever met). It follows how Baldwin managed for
most of the 1930s to manipulate the weakling MacDonald (who split his
party on a coalition government in 1931) to keep Churchill out of the
government, and then to keep him out of the Tory government of 1935-37.
Some of this was due to Churchill's own blundering - he opposed
Baldwin's willingness to work with Gandhi on eventual Indian
independence, and he supported the pro-Nazi Edward VIII in the
abdication crisis. Baldwin left office in 1937, having chosen Nevil
Chamberlain his successor. In retrospect Baldwin was one of Britain's
most successful Prime Ministers, except he could not move as fast as he
wanted in rearming in the face of Nazi aggression (he did do what he
could, but the Labour Party and the Tories were not as willing to rearm
as he was).Chamberlain would also keep Churchill at bay, but he came acropper due
to Hitler's aggressions and Munich. But Churchill would not be called
back until Britain would return to war in 1939, and would not become
Prime Minister until 1940.The series was fair in showing that Baldwin was a clever political
manipulator. And Eric Porter did a marvelous job as Baldwin's right
hand man (and successor) Chamberlain, reminding the audience that had
it been a peaceful period Chamberlain would have reformed the British
education system and the tax system. He just was tragically unprepared
to handle Hitler (who indeed was?). Best was Robert Hardy, whose
Churchill was the best ever done dramatically on television. Not only
his political miscalculations were shown, but his financial problems,
his growing literary work (remember, he won the Nobel Prize for
Literature as a historian), and his family problems with wife
Clementine (Sian Philips), who had an affair, and his son Randolph, who
was too undisciplined to have a political career. One hopes the series
will be shown again someday.
Was the above comment useful to you?
more
Discuss this title with other users on IMDb message board for "Winston Churchill: The Wilderness Years" (1981) (mini)
If you enjoyed this title, our database also recommends:
Gandhi
The Gathering Storm
The Last Emperor
Disraeli
The Final Cut
IMDb User Rating:
IMDb User Rating:
IMDb User Rating:
IMDb User Rating:
IMDb User Rating:
Add a recommendation |
Show more recommendations
You may report errors and omissions on this page to the IMDb database managers. They will be examined and if approved will be included in a future update. Clicking the 'Update' buttonwill take you through a step-by-step process.
Home | Search | Now Playing | News | My Movies | Games | Boards | Help | US Movie Showtimes | Top 250 | Register | RecommendationsBox Office | Index | Trailers |
Jobs | IMDbPro.com - Free Trial | IMDb Resume
Copyright © 1990-2007 Internet Movie Database Inc.
Terms and Privacy Policy under which this service is provided to you.
An company. 
Advertise on IMDb. 
License our content.
Back to Movie index