Reservoir Dogs (1992)
Now Playing
Movie/TV News
My Movies
DVD/Video
IMDbTV
Message Boards
Showtimes & Tickets
IMDbPro
IMDb Resume
 Login | Register
Home |
Top Movies |
Photos |
Independent Film |
GameBase |
Browse |
Help
All
Titles
- TV Episodes
My Movies
Names
Companies
Keywords
Characters
Quotes
Bios
Plots
more |
tips
SHOP RESERVOIR...
Amazon.com
Amazon.ca
Amazon.co.uk
Amazon.de
Amazon.fr
DVDVHSCDAllDownload
DVDVHSCDAll
Rent
DVDVHSCDAll
DVDVHSCDAll
DVDVHSCDAll
IMDb >
Reservoir Dogs (1992)
Quicklinks
main detailscombined detailsfull cast and crewcompany creditstaglinestrailerspostersuser commentsexternal reviewsnewsgroup reviewsawardsuser ratingsrecommendationsmessage boardplot summaryplot keywordsAmazon.com summarymemorable quotestriviagoofssoundtrack listingalternate versionsmovie connectionsFAQmerchandising linksbox office/businessrelease datesfilming locationstechnical specslaserdisc detailsDVD detailsliterature listingsnews articlesshowtimesmiscellaneousphotographssound clipsvideo clips
Top Links
-trailers
-full cast and crew
-trivia
-official sites
-memorable quotes
Overview
main details
-combined details
-full cast and crew
-company credits
-tv schedule
Promotional
-taglines
-trailers
-posters
-photo gallery
Awards & Reviews
-user comments
-external reviews
-newsgroup reviews
-awards
-user ratings
-recommendations
-message board
Plot & Quotes
-plot summary
-plot keywords
-Amazon.com summary
-memorable quotes
Fun Stuff
-trivia
-goofs
-soundtrack listing
-crazy credits
-alternate versions
-movie connections
-FAQ
Other Info
-merchandising links
-box office/business
-release dates
-filming locations
-technical specs
-laserdisc details
-DVD details
-literature listings
-news articles
External Links
-showtimes
-official sites
-miscellaneous
-photographs
-sound clips
-video clips
Reservoir Dogs (1992)
advertisement
photos
board
trailer
details
Register or login to rate this title
User Rating:
8.4/10
(108,351 votes)
Top 250: #62
more
Director:
Quentin Tarantino
Writers:
Quentin Tarantino (written by)Roger Avary (background radio dialog) ...more
Release Date:
23 October 1992 (USA)
more
Genre:
Crime / Drama / Thriller more
Tagline:
Five Total Strangers Team Up For The Perfect Crime. They Don't Know Each Other's Name. But They've Got Each Other's Color more
Plot Outline:
After a simple jewelery heist goes terribly wrong, the surviving criminals begin to suspect that one of them is a police informant. more
Plot Keywords:
Aftermath
/
Gasoline
/
Immaturity
/
Tip
/
Gore
more
Awards:
8 wins
&
5 nominations
more
User Comments:
A stylish and excellent example of expert story-telling.
more
(Cast overview, first billed only)Harvey Keitel ... Mr. White/Larry DimmickTim Roth ... Mr. Orange/Freddy NewandykeMichael Madsen ... Mr. Blonde/Vic VegaChris Penn ... Nice Guy Eddie CabotSteve Buscemi ... Mr. PinkLawrence Tierney ... Joe CabotRandy Brooks ... HoldawayKirk Baltz ... Marvin NashEdward Bunker ... Mr. Blue (as Eddie Bunker)Quentin Tarantino ... Mr. BrownSteven Wright ... K-Billy DJ (voice)Rich Turner ... Sheriff #1David Steen ... Sheriff #2Tony Cosmo ... Sheriff #3Stevo Polyi ... Sheriff #4more
MPAA:
Rated R for strong violence and language.
Runtime:
99 min
Country:
USA
Language:
English
Color:
Color (Eastmancolor)
Aspect Ratio:
2.35 : 1 more
Sound Mix:
Dolby
Certification:
Argentina:16/ Hungary:18/ Finland:K-18/ Finland:K-16 (cut) / Australia:MA (TV rating) / Australia:R/ Belgium:KNT/ Canada:18+ (Québec) / Canada:R/ Denmark:15 (DVD rating) / France:-16/ Germany:18/ Hong Kong:III/ Iceland:16/ Ireland:18/ Israel:18/ Italy:VM18/ Japan:R-15/ Netherlands:16/ New Zealand:R18/ Norway:18/ Portugal:M/16/ Singapore:M18/ South Korea:(Banned) (original rating) / South Korea:18 (re-rating) / Spain:18/ Sweden:15/ UK:18/ USA:R
Filming Locations:
Johnie's Coffee Shop - 6101 Wilshire Boulevard, Fairfax, Los Angeles, California, USA
more
MOVIEmeter:
9% since last week
why?
Company:
Live Entertainment
more
Trivia:
Aside from the opening credits, the film never refers to any of the characters as a "Reservoir Dog"
more
Goofs:
Continuity: When Mr. Blonde comes back with the gas can, the floor behind Nash is already wet.
more
Quotes:
[first lines]
Mr. Brown:
Let me tell you what "Like a Virgin" is about. It's all about a girl who digs a guy with a big dick. The entire song. It's a metaphor for big dicks.
more
Movie Connections:
Featured in The 100 Greatest Scary Moments (2003) (TV)
more
Soundtrack:
IT'S COUNTRY
more
Why does Mr. Orange tell Mr. White the truth?
Why are there coffins in the warehouse?
Is this film a remake?
more
(Comment on this title)
26 out of 34 people found the following comment useful:-
A stylish and excellent example of expert story-telling., 31 May 2006
Author:
Grann-Bach (Grann-Bach@jubii.dk) from Denmark
After watching this half a dozen times with a biased, anti-Tarantino,
"what the heck is so great about this guy, anyway" view(which, as most
anyone watching any film with that view and a fair bit of
self-knowledge will tell you, is a rather fruitless practice in
pointlessness... if you've decided you're not going to like it, there's
very little reason to think that you will, no matter how good it is;
you need an open mind), I finally decided to give it a fair hearing...
and I saw it for what it is. An unusual film, at least for its time. A
stylish film full of cool dialog, cinematography, editing and music.
The whole thing comes together perfectly and is very short of creating
a sublime film experience. The plot is excellently written and told.
The pace is perfect. I wasn't bored for a second, nor did I ever really
want it to move faster or slower. The cinematography is magnificent,
and incredibly well-integrated. Pans, dolly trips and, lest we forget,
the stationary shots... all perfectly used. Very stylized. The acting
is top-notch all-round. With most of the cast being name actors, this
is no surprise, but they really do shine. Madsen, Buscemi, Keitel,
Roth... all incredible. The one role that had less than good... well,
let's be honest, it had rather awful acting. I'm speaking, of course,
of Tarantino's character. Now, don't get me wrong; in From Dusk Till
Dawn, this man did great. But just about any other time I've seen him
act, he just doesn't seem to have the first clue. Being a film-maker
myself(albeit on somewhat of a smaller scale than Quentin), I can
relate to wanting to cast yourself in a role... but sometimes, you just
need to face up to the facts, and admit it if you can't act. Still,
that is a minor complaint. Another one might be that there are at least
two fairly big characters that seem completely and entirely
expendable... they had no real role in the action and could very, very
easily have been cut with no real loss to the overall product. I won't
name them here, but anyone who's seen the film will know who I'm
talking about. All the characters, however, are well-written and their
actions credible. Tarantino knows his stuff when it comes to writing...
something that also shows in the dialog, which, although somewhat
drawn-out at times, is exceptional. Well-delivered, too. When it comes
to direction, he shows how talented he is, as well. The film is very
well put together. The editing is great, with the non-linear time-line
telling the story far better than a "regular" film ever could. One of
the many Tarantino-fans, in fact, the very person who originally talked
me into watching this film, once told me that he had heard of someone
editing films with such time-lines - this, Pulp Fiction, Memento, etc.
- so that their time-lines were perfectly linear. I'm sorry, I entirely
respect their right to do such a thing... and I won't claim that their
doing so has less artistic value than the original films in any way...
but I refuse to watch that. A big part of this being so well-told lies
in the time-line. Also, I'm a firm believer of watching something the
way the makers intended it. Don't edit, don't censor, don't make your
own version and pass it off as anything but just that... your own
version, and not the original. Sorry, rant over. Finally, I just need
to comment on the music... the soundtrack of this is just great.
Tarantino collected so many amazing 70's tunes for this film and used
them great. All in all, just a really, really good film. Very little
keeps this from being a perfect ten, most of which I've covered here. I
recommend this to anyone who can stomach the violence and who likes
their films with a side of style. 8/10
Was the above comment useful to you?
more
Discuss this title with other users on IMDb message board for Reservoir Dogs (1992)
Recent Posts (updated daily)User
Alternate themes?
Shepherd_Soccer
Opening scene
jmmycsnv
The balloon SPOILER
Steve_Kaczynski
White whispers something to Orange?
donmichaelK
Question (Spoilers)
elmexicano508
more
If you enjoyed this title, our database also recommends:
Pulp Fiction
The Departed
Cidade de Deus
Scarface
Kill Bill: Vol. 1
IMDb User Rating:
IMDb User Rating:
IMDb User Rating:
IMDb User Rating:
IMDb User Rating:
Add a recommendation |
Show more recommendations
You may report errors and omissions on this page to the IMDb database managers. They will be examined and if approved will be included in a future update. Clicking the 'Update' buttonwill take you through a step-by-step process.
Home | Search | Now Playing | News | My Movies | Games | Boards | Help | US Movie Showtimes | Top 250 | Register | RecommendationsBox Office | Index | Trailers |
Jobs | IMDbPro.com - Free Trial | IMDb Resume
Copyright © 1990-2007 Internet Movie Database Inc.
Terms and Privacy Policy under which this service is provided to you.
An company. 
Advertise on IMDb. 
License our content.
Back to Movie index