IMDb TitleSearch
Now Playing
Movie/TV News
My Movies
DVD/Video
IMDbTV
Message Boards
Showtimes & Tickets
IMDbPro
IMDb Resume
 Login | Register
Home |
Top Movies |
Photos |
Independent Film |
GameBase |
Browse |
Help
All
Titles
- TV Episodes
My Movies
Names
Companies
Keywords
Characters
Quotes
Bios
Plots
more |
tips
The Strongest Man in the World•  Characters•  Plots•  Biographies•  Quotesmore »Note: some searches may not yield results
IMDb TitleSearch
A search for "The Strongest Man in the World" found the following results:
Titles (Exact Matches) (Displaying 3 Results)The Strongest Man in the World (1975)
The Strongest Man in the World (1980)
Maciste, l'uomo più forte del mondo (1961) aka "The Strongest Man in the World" - UK aka "Maciste, the Strongest Man in the World" -(literal English title)
Titles (Approx Matches) (Displaying 17 Results)The Strongest Army in the World (1917)
"The World's Strongest Man" (1996)
The Toughest Man in the World (1984) (TV)
Giant Wilkins, the Largest Man in the World (1903)
Doragon bôru Z: Kono yo de ichiban tsuyoi yatsu (1990) aka "Dragon Ball Z: The Movie - The World's Strongest" - USA
The Longest Most Meaningless Movie in the World (1970)
The Fastest Man in the World (2002) (V)
World's Strongest Man (1973)
"World's Strongest Man" (1998)
Deconstructing Harry (1997) aka "The Meanest Man in the World" - USA (working title)
Onassis: The Richest Man in the World (1988) (TV) aka "The Richest Man in the World"
The Three Stooges Go Around the World in a Daze (1963)
The Sins of the Children (1930) aka "The Richest Man in the World"
The Richest Man in the World: Andrew Carnegie (1997) (TV)
The Meanest Man in the World (1943)
The Greatest Man in the World (1980) (TV)
The Meanest Man in the World (1923)
Suggestions For Improving Your Results
Your original search was changed to "The Strongest Man in the World" because this is more
likely to give better matches. If you prefer you may search again with your original query.
Search for "The Strongest Man in the World (1975)".
There may be additional title matches amongst all the alternative
titles we have for various regions and languages.
AKA Title Search for "The Strongest Man in the World".
If you are searching for a particular episode of a TV Series,
you should search for the title of the TV series, not the episode.
Or you can use the following link to search all Episode Titles.
Episode Title Search for "The Strongest Man in the World".
There may be additional matches in special interest areas that are
only available to users choosing to see them.
Enable adult titles/names in the search.
More Searches
Titles
These searches will return up to 1000 matches in each category.
 Search Preferences 
Home | Search | Now Playing | News | My Movies | Games | Boards | Help | US Movie Showtimes | Top 250 | Register | RecommendationsBox Office | Index | Trailers |
Jobs | IMDbPro.com - Free Trial | IMDb Resume
Copyright © 1990-2007 Internet Movie Database Inc.
Terms and Privacy Policy under which this service is provided to you.
An company. 
Advertise on IMDb. 
License our content.
Back to Movie index