IMDb TitleSearch
Now Playing
Movie/TV News
My Movies
DVD/Video
IMDbTV
Message Boards
Showtimes & Tickets
IMDbPro
IMDb Resume
 Login | Register
Home |
Top Movies |
Photos |
Independent Film |
GameBase |
Browse |
Help
All
Titles
- TV Episodes
My Movies
Names
Companies
Keywords
Characters
Quotes
Bios
Plots
more |
tips
Horror Vision•  Characters•  Plots•  Biographies•  Quotesmore »Note: some searches may not yield results
IMDb TitleSearch
A search for "Horror Vision" found the following results:
Titles (Approx Matches) (Displaying 20 Results)Visions and Horror from 'The Dead Zone' (2006) (V)
Horrorvision (2001) (V)
Coffin Joe's Vision's of Terror (1994) (V) aka "Vision's of Terror" - USA (short title)
Eyes of Terror (1994) (TV) aka "Visions of Terror"
Unsichtbaren Krallen des Dr. Mabuse, Die (1962) aka "The Invisible Horror" - USA (reissue title)
Mummy Dearest: A Horror Tradition Unearthed (1999) (V)
A Regular Frankie Fan (2000) aka "A Regular Frankie Fan: Rocky Horror Lives On" - USA
Yureiyashiki no Kyofu: Chi O Suu Ningyoo (1970) aka "The Ghost Mansion's Horror: A Bloodsucking Doll"
TerrorVision (1986)
Rocky Horror Double Feature Video Show (1995) (V)
Son of Horror Business (2007)
Vladimir Horowitz: A Television Concert at Carnegie Hall (1968) (TV)
Tower of Evil (1972) aka "Horror on Snape Island" aka "Horror of Snape Island" - Canada (English title)
Mulino delle donne di pietra, Il (1960) aka "Horror of the Stone Women"
Brides of Blood (1968) aka "Island of the Living Horror" - USA (TV title)
History's Mysteries: Amityville - Horror or Hoax (2000) (TV)
Horror Business (2005) (V)
Visions of Grace: Robert Redford and 'The Horse Whisperer' (1998) (TV)
Horror Island (1941)
The Simpsons: Night of the Living Tree House of Horror (2001) (VG)
Suggestions For Improving Your Results
Your original search was changed to "Horror Vision" because this is more
likely to give better matches. If you prefer you may search again with your original query.
Search for "Horror Vision (2000)".
There may be additional title matches amongst all the alternative
titles we have for various regions and languages.
AKA Title Search for "Horror Vision".
If you are searching for a particular episode of a TV Series,
you should search for the title of the TV series, not the episode.
Or you can use the following link to search all Episode Titles.
Episode Title Search for "Horror Vision".
There may be additional matches in special interest areas that are
only available to users choosing to see them.
Enable adult titles/names in the search.
More Searches
Titles
These searches will return up to 1000 matches in each category.
 Search Preferences 
Home | Search | Now Playing | News | My Movies | Games | Boards | Help | US Movie Showtimes | Top 250 | Register | RecommendationsBox Office | Index | Trailers |
Jobs | IMDbPro.com - Free Trial | IMDb Resume
Copyright © 1990-2007 Internet Movie Database Inc.
Terms and Privacy Policy under which this service is provided to you.
An company. 
Advertise on IMDb. 
License our content.
Back to Movie index