IMDb TitleSearch
Now Playing
Movie/TV News
My Movies
DVD/Video
IMDbTV
Message Boards
Showtimes & Tickets
IMDbPro
IMDb Resume
 Login | Register
Home |
Top Movies |
Photos |
Independent Film |
GameBase |
Browse |
Help
All
Titles
- TV Episodes
My Movies
Names
Companies
Keywords
Characters
Quotes
Bios
Plots
more |
tips
Goddess of Mercy•  Characters•  Plots•  Biographies•  Quotesmore »Note: some searches may not yield results
IMDb TitleSearch
A search for "Goddess of Mercy" found the following results:
Titles (Exact Matches) (Displaying 2 Results)Yu guanyin (2003) aka "Goddess of Mercy" - Hong Kong (English title), (English title), USA aka "Jade Goddess of Mercy" - Hong Kong (English title)
Gwanseumbosal (1978) aka "Goddess of Mercy" - (English title)
Titles (Partial Matches) (Displaying 2 Results)Goddess of Mercy Celebrates Her Birthday at Xianshan (1966)
Guan shi yin (1967) aka "The Goddess of Mercy" - Hong Kong (English title)
Titles (Approx Matches) (Displaying 16 Results)Decoupage 2000: Return of the Goddess (1999)
Papaya dei Caraibi (1978) aka "Papaya: Love Goddess of the Cannibals" - (English title) (video title)
Roma contro Roma (1964) aka "Night Star: Goddess of Electra" - USA (TV title)
Faro, la reine des eaux (2007) aka "Faro: Goddess of the Waters" - (English title)
Glitter Goddess of Sunset Strip (1991) (V)
Aa! Megamisama! (1993) (V) aka "Oh! My Goddess"
The Love Goddesses (1965) aka "The Love Goddesses: A History of Sex in the Cinema"
Trader Hornee (1970) aka "The Legend of the Golden Goddess" aka "Legend of the Lost Goddess"
Tesoro de la diosa blanca, El (1983) aka "The Treasure of the White Goddess" - (English title)
The Goddess of Sagebrush Gulch (1912)
Kali Yug, la dea della vendetta (1963) aka "Goddess of Vengeance"
Goldene Göttin vom Rio Beni, Die (1964) aka "Golden Goddess of Rio Beni" - USA
The Goddess of Chance (1917)
Treasure of the Moon Goddess (1987)
The Goddess of Malta (1996)
Diosa del puerto, La (1989) aka "The Goddess of the Port" - (English title) (informal literal title)
Suggestions For Improving Your Results
Your original search was changed to "Goddess of Mercy" because this is more
likely to give better matches. If you prefer you may search again with your original query.
Search for "Goddess of Mercy (2004)".
There may be additional title matches amongst all the alternative
titles we have for various regions and languages.
AKA Title Search for "Goddess of Mercy".
If you are searching for a particular episode of a TV Series,
you should search for the title of the TV series, not the episode.
Or you can use the following link to search all Episode Titles.
Episode Title Search for "Goddess of Mercy".
There may be additional matches in special interest areas that are
only available to users choosing to see them.
Enable adult titles/names in the search.
More Searches
Titles
These searches will return up to 1000 matches in each category.
 Search Preferences 
Home | Search | Now Playing | News | My Movies | Games | Boards | Help | US Movie Showtimes | Top 250 | Register | RecommendationsBox Office | Index | Trailers |
Jobs | IMDbPro.com - Free Trial | IMDb Resume
Copyright © 1990-2007 Internet Movie Database Inc.
Terms and Privacy Policy under which this service is provided to you.
An company. 
Advertise on IMDb. 
License our content.
Back to Movie index