Program Information
The Department of Computer Science at HKUST offers two degree
programs
for students who are interested in learning about computing and information technology: 
1. COMP: BEng in Computer Science
This is our general undergraduate program that provides broad education in all areas of Computer Science. 
2. CSIE: BEng in Computer Science (Information Engineering)
This is a specialized undergraduate degree program focusing on the areas of multimedia computing and computer networking.
While other Information Engineering programs in Hong Kong are closer to Electrical and Electronic Engineering, our CSIE program is unique in its emphasis on software. In fact, the CSIE program also satisfies all the general requirements of a typical Computer Science program. It has been carefully designed with the specific needs of Hong Kong in mind. 
Besides, the Department, jointly with the Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering, also offers the
BEng in Computer Engineering
. 
　
A Spectrum of IT-Related Programs
The programs offered by our Department and the Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering can be best viewed as the following spectrum:
Software<----------------------->Hardware
COMP    CSIE    CPEG    EEIC    ELEC
Generally speaking, the emphasis shifts from "soft" to "hard" as we move across the spectrum. The different programs suit different student interests and job market demands. 
　
Other Opportunities
Besides the regular study programs, Computer Science students at HKUST also enjoy a number of other opportunities, including the following: 
Overseas exchange program:
One-year full-time overseas study by paying only HKUST's tuition fee 
Work-study program:
One-year full-time work outside HKUST after two years of study
Industrial training:
Training modules during winter and summer breaks on specific practical skills 
English training:
Intensive training in written and conversational English, including presentation skills
Final year projects:
One year project in an area of specialization under the guidance of faculty advisors 
Student tutors:
Second and third year student helpers providing help to students in first-year courses
　
Our Graduates
About 20% of our graduates choose to pursue postgraduate study immediately after graduation. While many of them stayed in HKUST for MPhil (Master of Philosophy) study, some went abroad to study at top universities, including Stanford University, University of Southern California, University of Toronto, University of Texas at Austin, and University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. 
Those who choose to work found excellent jobs. While graduates from related disciplines also look for computing related jobs, Computer Science graduates clearly have great advantages after completing a comprehensive program that provides solid training in fundamentals and many emerging areas of IT and computing.
　
Inquiries
Students who need advice or assistance on application procedures, choice of programs, entrance requirements or other related matters are welcome to contact us: 
　