"Lodoss to Senki: Eiyuu kishi den" (1998)
Now Playing
Movie/TV News
My Movies
DVD/Video
IMDbTV
Message Boards
Showtimes & Tickets
IMDbPro
IMDb Resume
 Login | Register
Home |
Top Movies |
Photos |
Independent Film |
GameBase |
Browse |
Help
All
Titles
- TV Episodes
My Movies
Names
Companies
Keywords
Characters
Quotes
Bios
Plots
more |
tips
SHOP LODOSS TO...
Amazon.com
Amazon.ca
Amazon.co.uk
Amazon.de
Amazon.fr
DVDVHSCDAll
DVDVHSCDAll
DVDVHSCDAll
DVDVHSCDAll
DVDVHSCDAll
IMDb >
"Lodoss to Senki: Eiyuu kishi den" (1998)
Quicklinks
main detailscombined detailsfull cast and crewtaglinesuser commentsexternal reviewsuser ratingsrecommendationsplot keywordsAmazon.com summarymemorable quotestriviamovie connectionsmerchandising linksrelease datesDVD detailsliterature listingsmiscellaneousvideo clips
Top Links
-trailers
-full cast and crew
-trivia
-official sites
-memorable quotes
Overview
main details
-combined details
-full cast and crew
-company credits
-episode list
-episodes cast
-episode ratings
-... by rating
-... by votes
-tv schedule
Promotional
-taglines
-trailers
-posters
-photo gallery
Awards & Reviews
-user comments
-external reviews
-newsgroup reviews
-awards
-user ratings
-recommendations
-message board
Plot & Quotes
-plot summary
-plot keywords
-Amazon.com summary
-memorable quotes
Fun Stuff
-trivia
-goofs
-soundtrack listing
-crazy credits
-alternate versions
-movie connections
-FAQ
Other Info
-merchandising links
-box office/business
-release dates
-filming locations
-technical specs
-laserdisc details
-DVD details
-literature listings
-news articles
External Links
-showtimes
-official sites
-miscellaneous
-photographs
-sound clips
-video clips
"Lodoss to Senki: Eiyuu kishi den" (1998)TV-Series
advertisement
photos
board
trailer
details
Register or login to rate this title
User Rating:
8.1/10
(29 votes)
more
Writer:
Ryo Mizuno (novel)
Genre:
Adventure / Animation / Fantasy more
Tagline:
Return to an Age of Myth and Fantasy
Plot Keywords:
Anime
/
Sword And Sorcery
/
Remake
/
Based On Novel
User Comments:
Very Enjoyable! (relates to dubbed version)
more
(Series Credited cast)Nobutoshi Kanna ... Parn (voice) (as Nobutoshi Hayashi)Shiho Niiyama ... Deedlit (voice)Mitsuru Miyamoto ... Slayn (voice)Michie Tomizawa ... Leylia (voice)Shotaro Morikubo ... Cecil (voice)Yu Asakawa ... Sheris (voice)Nobuyuki Hiyama ... Orson (voice)Shô Hayami ... Ashram (voice)Jôji Nakata ... King Kashue (voice) rest of cast listed alphabetically: Alexander Alben ... Additional Voices (voice: English version)David Alben ... Additional Voices (voice: English version)Jason Alben ... Additional Voices (voice: English version)Michael Alben ... Additional Voices (voice: English version)Alyssa Beaux ... Leylia (Ep 22-24) (voice: English version)Roxanne Beck ... Little Neese (voice: English version)Anthony Cruise ... King Kashue (voice: English version)Joe DiGiorgi ... Additional Voices (voice: English version)Meg Frances ... Leylia (Ep 25-27), Karla (Ep 16-18, 22-27) (voice: English version)John Franck ... Additional Voices (voice: English version)Crispin Freeman ... Spark, Grassrunner Maar (voice: English version)Michael Gerard ... Alhaib, Gilram, Garrack (voice: English version) (as Michael Gegard)Erica Ginsberg ... Additional Voices (voice: English version)Simone Grant ... Leylia (Ep 1-9) (voice: English version)Ed Greenberg ... Additional Voices (voice: English version)Oliver Gregory ... Orson (voice: English version)Joyce Griffin ... Additional Voices (voice: English version)Cliff Hangar ... Hobb (voice: English version)Walter Hershman ... Groder, Gaberra, Prince Reona (voice: English version)Kelly Jackson ... Additional Voices (voice: English version)Alfred Karl ... Slayn (episodes 16-18) (voice: English version)John Knox ... Ashram (voice: English version)Harry Krause ... Cecil (voice: English version)Ted Lewis ... King Etoh (voice: English version)Shannon Maer ... Additional Voices (voice: English version)Al Muscari ... Slayn (Ep 1-12, 25-27) (voice: English version)Lisa Ortiz ... Deedlit (Ep 1-15, 22-27) (voice: English version)Chikao Ôtsuka ... Wagnard (voice: Japanese version)A.J. Parks ... Ryna, Deedlit, Karla, Pirotess (voice: English version)Steve Patterson ... Aldonova (voice: English version)Debora Rabbai ... Leaf (voice: English version) (as Angora Deb)Alexander Rose ... The Narrator (voice: English version)Karen Smith ... Shiris (voice: English version)Gary Solomon ... Additional Voices (voice: English version)Bill Timoney ... Parn (voice: English version) (as Billy Regan)Bruce Winant ... Wagnard (voice: English version) (as Jayce Reeves)Greg Wolfe ... Greevus, The Dark Elf (voice: English version)Oliver Wyman ... Wagnard (Ep 4-15, 19-25) (voice: English version) (as Pete Zarustica)more
Also Known As:Record of Lodoss War: Chronicles of the Heroic Knight (Japan)
more
Runtime:
25 min (27 episodes)
Country:
Japan
Language:
English / Japanese
Color:
Color
Sound Mix:
Stereo
MOVIEmeter:
11% since last week
why?
Trivia:
This series is a remake/sequel to the Record of Lodoss War OAV series. Episodes 1-8 start after the 8th episode of the OAV series. They are based on the original Record of Lodoss War novels #3-4 by Ryo Mizuno entitled "The Dragon of Fire Dragon Mountain I & II". Episodes 9-27 follow the stories of the original novels #6-7 entitled "The Holy Knight of Lodoss I & II". Which in turn spawned the manga (18 issues) & graphic novels (6 books) available in English from CPM Manga entitled "Record of Lodoss War: Chronicles of the Heroic Knight". It is that manga series that the name of this anime series comes. Some people believe that the writers and directors "rewrote" the story found in episodes 9-13 in the OAV series, where in reality the intent was to convey the story as it was originally written by Mr. Mizuno the Lodoss series author and creator.
more
Quotes:
Narrator:
There once was a boy, who dreamt of living in a world of light. But light and shadow are the same and where once exists, so too must the other. When the boy learned this, he took the first step to becoming closer as a hero.
more
Movie Connections:
Remake of Lodoss to senki (1990) (V)
more
This FAQ is empty. Add the first question.
(Comment on this title)
4 out of 4 people found the following comment useful:-
Very Enjoyable! (relates to dubbed version), 25 February 2001
Author:
pixie468 from Southern Florida
"Record of the Lodoss War: Chronicles of the Heroic Knight" is an awesome 27
episode anime series. The first eight (or so) episodes are about the free
knight Parn, his elven companion Deedlit, and many others who make a
wonderful mercenary group. They cast spells, fight evil beings, and prevent
a black knight from taking control of Lodoss, the Accursed Island.The following 19 episodes are my favorite though. It's nine years later, and
the knight-in-training Spark and his recruited soldiers must save the world
from a dark sorcerer and cunning goddess. The animation is very colorful and
clean. The dialogue could use some help,
but the voices that speak it are very intelligible and appropriate. I loved
the action, and I couldn't help myself from rooting for the the "bad guys"
in some cases. This television series is a great find for anime fans and
fantasy/adventure lovers. I cheered, laughed, cried, and even dreamed about
this series.
Was the above comment useful to you?
more
Discuss this title with other users on IMDb message board for "Lodoss to Senki: Eiyuu kishi den" (1998)
If you enjoyed this title, our database also recommends:
Lodoss to senki
"Slayers"
"Bakuretsu hunters"
Banpaia hantâ D
Ganso bakuretsu hunter
IMDb User Rating:
IMDb User Rating:
IMDb User Rating:
IMDb User Rating:
IMDb User Rating:
Add a recommendation |
Show more recommendations
You may report errors and omissions on this page to the IMDb database managers. They will be examined and if approved will be included in a future update. Clicking the 'Update' buttonwill take you through a step-by-step process.
You may add a new episode for this TV series by clicking the 'add episode' button
Home | Search | Now Playing | News | My Movies | Games | Boards | Help | US Movie Showtimes | Top 250 | Register | RecommendationsBox Office | Index | Trailers |
Jobs | IMDbPro.com - Free Trial | IMDb Resume
Copyright © 1990-2007 Internet Movie Database Inc.
Terms and Privacy Policy under which this service is provided to you.
An company. 
Advertise on IMDb. 
License our content.
Back to Movie index