IMDb TitleSearch
Now Playing
Movie/TV News
My Movies
DVD/Video
IMDbTV
Message Boards
Showtimes & Tickets
IMDbPro
IMDb Resume
 Login | Register
Home |
Top Movies |
Photos |
Independent Film |
GameBase |
Browse |
Help
All
Titles
- TV Episodes
My Movies
Names
Companies
Keywords
Characters
Quotes
Bios
Plots
more |
tips
Ken Burns' America: Empire of the Air•  Characters•  Plots•  Biographies•  Quotesmore »Note: some searches may not yield results
IMDb TitleSearch
A search for "Ken Burns' America: Empire of the Air" found the following results:
Titles (Approx Matches) (Displaying 12 Results)Hijacking Catastrophe: 9/11, Fear & the Selling of American Empire (2004)
Ten Days That Unexpectedly Changed America: Murder at the Fair - The Assassination of President McKinley (2006) (TV)
Crucible of Empire: The Spanish American War (1999) (TV)
Déclin de l'empire américain, Le (1986) aka "The Decline of the American Empire" - USA
Little Smokey: The True Story of America's Forest Fire Preventin' Bear (1953)
Takedown (2000) aka "Takedown: The Pursuit and Capture of Kevin Mitnick, America's Most Wanted Computer Outlaw" - USA (working title)
Empire of the Air: The Men Who Made Radio (1991)
Dear America: A Journey to the New World (1999) (TV) aka "Dear America: A Journey to the New World: The Story of Remember Patience Whipple, Plymouth, Massachusetts, 1620" - USA (video box title)
Woodrow Wilson and the Birth of the American Century (2002) (TV)
When the Fire Burns: The Life and Music of Manuel de Falla (1991)
America's Lost Bombs: The True Story of Broken Arrows (2001) (TV)
Frederick Carl Frieseke: The Evolution of an American Impressionist (2001) (TV)
Suggestions For Improving Your Results
Your original search was changed to "Ken Burns' America: Empire of the Air" because this is more
likely to give better matches. If you prefer you may search again with your original query.
Search for "Ken Burns' America: Empire of the Air (1991)".
There may be additional title matches amongst all the alternative
titles we have for various regions and languages.
AKA Title Search for "Ken Burns' America: Empire of the Air".
If you are searching for a particular episode of a TV Series,
you should search for the title of the TV series, not the episode.
Or you can use the following link to search all Episode Titles.
Episode Title Search for "Ken Burns' America: Empire of the Air".
There may be additional matches in special interest areas that are
only available to users choosing to see them.
Enable adult titles/names in the search.
More Searches
Titles
These searches will return up to 1000 matches in each category.
 Search Preferences 
Home | Search | Now Playing | News | My Movies | Games | Boards | Help | US Movie Showtimes | Top 250 | Register | RecommendationsBox Office | Index | Trailers |
Jobs | IMDbPro.com - Free Trial | IMDb Resume
Copyright © 1990-2007 Internet Movie Database Inc.
Terms and Privacy Policy under which this service is provided to you.
An company. 
Advertise on IMDb. 
License our content.
Back to Movie index